README.md, before:

# Coinwatch

This is a daemon that checks the ticker for configured cryptocurrencies and notofies you about them. This currently works flawlessly when using one or two currencies. When using three or more, the notifications will appear too fast (I'm not sure if I want to fix this).

## Usage

0. `npm i`
1. Configure your currencies in `config.js`. Example: `module.exports = {currencies: ['monero', 'fantomcoin']}`
2. Start the daemon: `$ node index.js`

### Killing the daemon

You will like this one. 🙃

```
kill -9 $(ps aux | grep coinwatch/index.js | awk '{print $2}')
```

Since I have no idea how to properly get the PID without creating a temp file to push the data around I decided to just use a bash chain to kill the daemon.

Here's what the command does:

1. `ps aux` prints out all running processes (with great detail)
2. `grep coinwatch/index.js` just filters out every line containing the `"coinwatch/index.js"` string (When only one daemon is running, it will find two lines, where one of them is the process for grep itself)
3. `awk '{print $2}'` picks out the second "column" which is the PID in the case of `ps aux`
4. `kill -9` sends `SIGKILL` to the specified processes. Since the grep process has finished by now, it will print one `no such process` error and kill only the daemon.

Isn't this a nice workaround? :)

Commit message:

fix notification behavior, add more config options

README.md, after:

# Coinwatch

This is a daemon that checks the ticker for configured cryptocurrencies and notofies you about them. This currently works flawlessly when using one or two currencies. When using three or more, the notifications will appear a bit fast, but you can still read it if you focus. 😇

## Features

- Polls current currency info from coinmarketcap.com
- Displays a notification for each poll and each currency with configurable delays
- A click on the notification opens the selected currency in the default browser
- Daemonized. Once you started it, you can kill your shell and it will remain running.

## Usage

0. `npm i`
1. Configure your currencies in `config.js`. Example: `currencies: ['monero', 'fantomcoin']`
2. Start the daemon: `$ node index.js`

### Killing the daemon

You will like this one. 🙃

```
kill -9 $(ps aux | grep coinwatch/index.js | awk '{print $2}')
```

Since I have no idea how to properly get the PID without creating a temp file to push the data around I decided to just use a bash chain to kill the daemon.

Here's what the command does:

1. `ps aux` prints out all running processes (with great detail)
2. `grep coinwatch/index.js` just filters out every line containing the `"coinwatch/index.js"` string (When only one daemon is running, it will find two lines, where one of them is the process for grep itself)
3. `awk '{print $2}'` picks out the second "column" which is the PID in the case of `ps aux`
4. `kill -9` sends `SIGKILL` to the specified processes. Since the grep process has finished by now, it will print one `no such process` error and kill only the daemon.

Isn't this a nice workaround? :)
